as some of you may have heard there was
an incident last night one of your
recent graduates here was killed in the
meantime we need you all to be on the
lookout for any suspicious activity
you guys just removed it huh how do you
know I live next door to you what
happened there some kids from school
I love you you're a girl I'm a lot
stronger than you think I am
can you hear me fillable only sometimes
by if you do zou they can completely
train to blood
please don't see that boy again where'd
your dad
he is on my dad what was that
what's going on
[Applause]
whoa what are you
really I need blood there's a lot more
than just what's been going on around
here this goes way back other states
other cities go away
maybe you got something you want to tell
me
do you think there's such a thing as
evil
[Music]